1) Which method returns the elements of Enum class?
 a)getEnums()
 b)getEnum()
 c)getEnumConstants()
 d)getEnumList()
 e)None of these
 
 Correct Option: C
 getEnumConstants() returns the elements of this enum class or null if this Class object does not represent an enum type.
 
2) Can we create instance of Enum outside of Enum itself?
 a)False
 b)1
 c)True
 d)0
 e)None of these
 
 Correct Option: A
Enum does not have public constructor.

3)Which access specifier is usually used for data members of a class?

(a) Private
(b) Default
(c) Protected
(d) Public
 
Correct Option: a) private
To explain: All the data members should be made private to ensure the highest security of data. 
In special cases we can use public or protected access, but it is advised to keep the data members private always.
 
 
 04) What will be the return type of a method that not returns any value?
 a)void
 b) int
 c) double
 d) None of the above

Answer: Option a)
 Void does not return any value, where as data type like int , float , double, string returns a single value.
 
 05) What is the prototype of the default constructor?
a) public Test(void)
b) Test( )
c) Test(void)
d) public Test( )
e) None of these

Answer: Option d)
Option A and B are wrong because they use the default access modifier and the access modifier
for the class is public (remember, the default constructor has the same access modifier as the class).

Option C is wrong. The void makes the compiler think that this is a method 
specification - in fact if it were a method specification the compiler would spit it out.

06) The main method should be static for the reason
 a) It can be accessed easily by the class loader.
 b) It can be accessed by every method or variable without any hindrance.
 c) It can be executed without creating any instance of the class.
 d) None of the above

Answer: Option c)

07) For the above class(MyClass) what is the correct way of declaring constructor?
 a) MyClass(){}
 b) MyClass(void) {}
 c) public MyClass(){}
 d) public MyClass(void){}
 e) 1 and 3

Answer: Option e)
Choice A,C are the correct answers.
The default access specifier for any constructor is same as the access
specifier of class.so the options A and C are correct.


my score-->7/7 all correct
